then Abram went up from Egypt he and his
then Abram went up from Egypt he and his wife and all that he had and lot with
wife and all that he had and lot with
wife and all that he had and lot with him to the South Abram was very rich in
him to the South Abram was very rich in
him to the South Abram was very rich in livestock in silver and in gold and he
livestock in silver and in gold and he
livestock in silver and in gold and he went on his journey from the south as
went on his journey from the south as
went on his journey from the south as far as Bethel to the place where his
far as Bethel to the place where his
far as Bethel to the place where his tent had been at the beginning between
tent had been at the beginning between
tent had been at the beginning between Bethel and AI to the place of the altar
Bethel and AI to the place of the altar
Bethel and AI to the place of the altar which he had made there at first and
which he had made there at first and
which he had made there at first and there Abram called on the name of the
there Abram called on the name of the
there Abram called on the name of the Lord
Lord
Lord [Music]
[Music]
[Music] lot also who went with Abram had flocks
lot also who went with Abram had flocks
lot also who went with Abram had flocks and herds and tents now the land was not
and herds and tents now the land was not
and herds and tents now the land was not able to support them that they might
able to support them that they might
able to support them that they might dwell together for their possessions
dwell together for their possessions
dwell together for their possessions were so great that they could not dwell
were so great that they could not dwell
were so great that they could not dwell together and there was strife between
together and there was strife between
together and there was strife between the herdsmen of Abrams livestock and the
the herdsmen of Abrams livestock and the
the herdsmen of Abrams livestock and the herdsmen of Lots livestock the
herdsmen of Lots livestock the
herdsmen of Lots livestock the Canaanites and the parasites then dwelt
Canaanites and the parasites then dwelt
Canaanites and the parasites then dwelt in the land so Abram said to lot please
in the land so Abram said to lot please
in the land so Abram said to lot please let there be no strife between you and
let there be no strife between you and
let there be no strife between you and me and between my herdsmen and your
me and between my herdsmen and your
me and between my herdsmen and your herdsmen for we are brethren is not the
herdsmen for we are brethren is not the
herdsmen for we are brethren is not the whole land before you please separate
whole land before you please separate
whole land before you please separate from me
from me
from me if you take the left then I will go to
if you take the left then I will go to
if you take the left then I will go to the right or if you go to the right then
the right or if you go to the right then
the right or if you go to the right then I will go to the left and Lotte lifted
I will go to the left and Lotte lifted
I will go to the left and Lotte lifted his eyes and saw all the plain of Jordan
his eyes and saw all the plain of Jordan
his eyes and saw all the plain of Jordan that it was well watered everywhere
that it was well watered everywhere
that it was well watered everywhere before the Lord destroyed Sodom and
before the Lord destroyed Sodom and
before the Lord destroyed Sodom and Gomorrah like the Garden of the Lord
Gomorrah like the Garden of the Lord
Gomorrah like the Garden of the Lord like the land of Egypt as you go towards
like the land of Egypt as you go towards
like the land of Egypt as you go towards OA then LUT chose for himself all the
OA then LUT chose for himself all the
OA then LUT chose for himself all the plain of Jordan and lot journeyed East
plain of Jordan and lot journeyed East
plain of Jordan and lot journeyed East and they separated from each other
and they separated from each other
and they separated from each other Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan and
Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan and
Abram dwelt in the land of Canaan and lot dwell in the cities of the plain and
lot dwell in the cities of the plain and
lot dwell in the cities of the plain and pitched his tent even as far as Sodom
pitched his tent even as far as Sodom
pitched his tent even as far as Sodom but the men of Sodom were exceedingly
but the men of Sodom were exceedingly
but the men of Sodom were exceedingly wicked and sinful against the Lord and
wicked and sinful against the Lord and
wicked and sinful against the Lord and the Lord said to Abram after lot had
the Lord said to Abram after lot had
the Lord said to Abram after lot had separated from him lift your eyes now
separated from him lift your eyes now
separated from him lift your eyes now and look from the place where you are
and look from the place where you are
and look from the place where you are northwood southward eastward and
northwood southward eastward and
northwood southward eastward and westward for all the land which you see
westward for all the land which you see
westward for all the land which you see I give to you and your descendants
I give to you and your descendants
I give to you and your descendants forever and I will make your descendants
forever and I will make your descendants
forever and I will make your descendants as the dust of the earth so that if a
as the dust of the earth so that if a
as the dust of the earth so that if a man could number the dust of the earth
man could number the dust of the earth
man could number the dust of the earth then your descendants also could be
then your descendants also could be
then your descendants also could be numbered
numbered
numbered arise walk in the land through its
arise walk in the land through its
arise walk in the land through its length and its width for I give it to
length and its width for I give it to
length and its width for I give it to you then Abraham moved his tent and went
you then Abraham moved his tent and went
you then Abraham moved his tent and went and dwelt by the terebinth trees of
and dwelt by the terebinth trees of
and dwelt by the terebinth trees of Mamre which are in Hebron and built an
Mamre which are in Hebron and built an
Mamre which are in Hebron and built an altar there to the Lord